README.md, before:

# User Service

Microservice for managing users.

## Running the project as a dependency for other service

If you need this as a dependency, you can run the script `build_image.sh` and then `run_container.sh` to create the image and run the container respecively. It will run on port 7878. (You can run it manually using a different port if you need to).

## Running this project locally for developing

You need node 18 as a requirement. First, run `npm install` in the project's root directory. Once all dependencies are installed, run `npm run dev` for running the project in dev mode. You can change environment variables in the `.env` file as needed.

## Running Tests

For running tests, first install dependencies as instructed in the previous section. Then, just run `npm run tests`. This will run all tests and collect code coverage for the files _with_ test files. If you want to see code coverage for the whole project, run `npm run test:coverage`, and the generated report will also take into account classes without test files.

## Endpoints:

GET /api/user -> returns list of all users: '{"users": [{...user1}, {...user2}, ...]}'

GET /api/user?id=${user_id} -> returns all data of user with id user_id:

POST /api/user -> Creates new user if doesn't exists, body should be {name: string, email: string}

Good Luck!

Commit message:

Adds script to execute okteto commands such as deploy or build

README.md, after:

# User Service

Microservice for managing users.

## Running the project as a dependency for other service

If you need this as a dependency, you can run the script `build_image.sh` and then `run_container.sh` to create the image and run the container respecively. It will run on port 7878. (You can run it manually using a different port if you need to).

## Running this project locally for developing

You need node 18 as a requirement. First, run `npm install` in the project's root directory. Once all dependencies are installed, run `npm run dev` for running the project in dev mode. You can change environment variables in the `.env` file as needed.

## Running Tests

For running tests, first install dependencies as instructed in the previous section. Then, just run `npm run tests`. This will run all tests and collect code coverage for the files _with_ test files. If you want to see code coverage for the whole project, run `npm run test:coverage`, and the generated report will also take into account classes without test files.

# Build Image and deploy to Okteto-Prod

To build the image that will be used in the deployment, check you have th correct k8s okteto credentials and execute:

1. `okteto build -t okteto.dev/user-service:latest --namespace prod-szwtomas`
2. `okteto deploy --namespace prod-szwtomas`

## Endpoints:

GET /api/user -> returns list of all users: '{"users": [{...user1}, {...user2}, ...]}'

GET /api/user?id=${user_id} -> returns all data of user with id user_id:

POST /api/user -> Creates new user if doesn't exists, body should be {name: string, email: string}

Good Luck!
